Low-level AWS wrapper for ZIO
Palantir open source project
Ktor is a framework for quickly creating web applications in Kotlin with minimal effort.
TBD
Tencent Cloud Open API SDK for Java
It is set of projects with micro tools for avoiding of routines coding
Instrumentation of Java libraries using OpenTelemetry.
AWS SDK codegen tasks
Proton Core libraries for Android
Functional companion to Kotlin's Standard Library
Kotlin Multiplatform Extensions
null
A libraries to bootstrap services easily that follow the patterns and specifications promoted by the SDA SE
Multiplatform Kotlin SDK for matrix-protocol
Building applications with LLMs through composability, in Kotlin and Scala
Natively Cloud Native
Open source application container in Kotlin
A custom wso2 products or solution
Common lang for Java
Swift library for Kotlin Coroutines
Multithreaded Kotlin Multiplatform Utilities
Kermit The Log
Collection of infrastructure libraries and gradle plugins of Avito Android project
A networking framework that evolves with your application
Spinnaker Kork
RAML API client code generators based on the REST Modeling Framework. https://github.com/vrapio/rest-modeling-framework
Kotlin Test Framework
Cloudflow enables users to quickly develop, orchestrate, and operate distributed streaming applications on Kubernetes.
Collection of Kotlin Flow based libraries
Auto-generated Cybrid SDK for Kotlin
Multiplatform Game Engine written in Kotlin
Kotlin multiplatform serialization runtime library
${project.artifactId}
core
Provides integration between Micronaut and Oracle Cloud
A library for analyzing, processing, and rewriting views defined in the Hive Metastore, and sharing them across multiple execution engines
Gradle Plugins utilities
${project.name}
Set of useful libraries for Micronaut
Kotlin/Multiplatform SDK for The Open Network
A commons library for the NVA project
ammonite
Platform-agnostic CSS primitives (common module)
Grails Web Application Framework
Spinnaker Orca
Easy reactive state management for Kotlin Multiplatform. No boilerplate. Compatible with Android.
A Kotlin Multiplatform library for saving simple key-value data
ammonite-sshd
ammonite-repl
Multiplatform reactive UI using Kotlin and Jetpack Compose
This is the core module of the project.
Groovy: A powerful, dynamic language for the JVM
An Eventuate project
Tencent blueking ci project
Common general-purpose Kotlin utility
Coroutines support libraries for Kotlin
Nepxion Discovery is an enhancement for Spring Cloud Discovery
Java idiomatic client for Google Cloud Platform services.
Kotlin multiplatform state managment framework.
Portable Audio library for Kotlin
A collection of light, general purpose Android libraries in Kotlin.
Application monitoring instrumentation facade
Soffa Foundation
Simple Robot，一个通用的bot风格事件调度框架，以灵活的统一标准来编写bot应用。
Provides integration between Micronaut and Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Functional programming toolkit for building server applications in Scala.
Ktorfit
ammonite-compiler
Eliminate tech-debt. Automatically.
immer for java
A pragmatic navigation library for Jetpack Compose
The atoms of your platform
KOIN - Kotlin simple Dependency Injection Framework
standard
report
async
Toolbox of utilities/helpers for Kotlin development
minspy
mindiff
minassert
TODO
wdio
A collection of drawing/charting utilities
react-data-loader
minreact
minenzyme
macros
Object oriented web framework for Kotlin/JS
minjson
A Kotlin multiplatform REST client utilizing secret network's gRPC gateway endpoints.
Kotlin library to improve crash reports on Apple platforms
Utilities for my apps
ammonite-runtime
Multiplatform Kotlin Game Engine
ammonite-shell
FIXME
ammonite-interp
This is a core module of the project.
A table format for huge analytic datasets
Spinnaker Clouddriver
The SoftiCAR Platform is a lightweight, Java-based library to create interactive business web applications.
Model-View-ViewModel architecture components for mobile (android & ios) Kotlin Multiplatform development
Diglol Crypto for Kotlin Multiplatform.
AboutLibraries automatically detects all dependencies of a project and collects their information including the license. Optionally visualising it via the provided ui components.
A lightweight bundle of PostgreSQL database with reduced size
Eclipse Ditto is a framework for creating and managing digital twins in the IoT.
Extends supabase-kt with a Storage Client
Extends supabase-kt with a Realtime Client
Extends supabase-kt with a Postgrest Client
Extends supabase-kt with a Auth Client
Extends supabase-kt with a Edge Functions Client
Fast and reliable message broker built on top of Kafka.
Extends supabase-kt with a Apollo GraphQL Client
An extensible and multiplatform routing system powered by Ktor
action
Key Management Rest API utility and Extensions
A library to bootstrap services easily that follow the patterns and specifications promoted by the SDA SE
Static code analysis for Kotlin
Kotlin/Ktor based full-stack platform
A framework to create a pulverized system
A Gradle plugin for applying Baseline-recommended build and IDE settings
A library for managing and running Codacy tools
bboss elasticsearch client with restful and java api without elasticsearch jar dependended.
Korim: Kotlin cORoutines IMaging utilities for JVM, JS, Native and Common
A Modern Reactive CQRS Architecture Microservice development framework based on DDD and EventSourcing.
Stream Chat official Android SDK
semanticcpg
Shared KMM Module
Essential libraries for Kotlin Multiplatform
AVSystem commons library for Scala
A Kotlin Multiplatform Supabase SDK
Cronapp Maven Artifact
wdio-testing-library
Consistent and portable date and time utilities for multiplatform Kotlin
plugin description
Multiplatform solana lib
DI Container library for Kotlin Multiplatform
Runs Kotlin/JS libraries in Kotlin/JVM and Kotlin/Native programs
'Exactpro Sailfish Core'
Data Repository Support for Micronaut
fs2-core
Run functional Scala code as a portable serverless function or microservice
A custom wso2 product
Memory utilities for Kotlin
Multiplatform bytebuffer that delegates to native byte[] or ByteBuffer
OpenAI API Kotlin Client
Kotlin multi-platform implementation of Reactive Extensions
Mathematic library for Multiplatform Kotlin 1.3
I/O utilities for Kotlin
Compose ImageLoader.
Pure Kotlin cryptography library
A Kotlin multiplatform collection of cryptography/crypto tools.
Template Engine for Multiplatform Kotlin
Kotlin Optimized Data Structures
dataflowengineoss
A Spark based ETL tool
Logger system for Kotlin
Mobile subscriptions in hours, not months.
ammonite-interp-api
ammonite-repl-api
Asynchronous Injector for Kotlin
Test resources integration (like Testcontainers) for Micronaut
Portable UI with accelerated graphics support for Kotlin
c2cpg
WSO2 API Manager REST API for API Publisher
Kotlin Multiplatform part of the SKIE runtime. It's used to facilitate certain features of SKIE.
Spring Security
Tessera is a stateless Java system that is used to enable the encryption, decryption, and distribution of private transactions for Quorum.
action-async
This OSGi bundle wraps ${pkgArtifactId} ${pkgVersion} jar file.
A revolutionary ORM framework for both java and kotlin
Mokkery is a mocking library for Kotlin Multiplatform, easy to use, boilerplate-free and compiler plugin driven.
OpenAPI Java
Projects to support SQL Database access in Micronaut
Rundeck
Android APP Factory
An multiplatform representation of a Live<T> object
Groovy: A powerful multi-faceted language for the JVM
Provides common DTOs for Teamscale
Provides common utility functions
Provides integration between Micronaut and Micrometer
The Teamscale Custom Check API allows users to extend Teamscale by writing custom analyses that create findings.
A Cobol to Kotlin converter
Akka is a toolkit for building highly concurrent, distributed, and resilient message-driven applications for Java and Scala.
StateMachine
Provides utilities to interact with Simulink models
bboss is a j2ee framework include aop/ioc,mvc,persistent,taglib,rpc,event ,bean-xml serializable and so on.http://www.bbossgroups.com
An enhanced toolkit of Spring cloud to simplify development.
Kotlin KVS Storage for Kotlin Multiplatform.
The easiest way to generate controllable arbitrary test objects
A Kotlin Multiplatform Supabase Framework
A collection of core tools I use
Next gen DI for kotlin
Apollo GraphQL SQLite Cache
Lightweight multiplatform navigation library (jvm, android, ios)
Adds missing features in the official Kotlin stdlib
sbt is an interactive build tool
Component of the XMLUtil library
SDK for sentry.io
Kotlin Asynchronous Bluetooth Low Energy
A set of some common useful libraries.
Part of the OSS Review Toolkit (ORT), a suite to automate software compliance checks.
console
Cloudflight Platform for Spring Boot
Part of the various multiplatform helpers
Minecraft Forge Hybrid server implementing the Spigot/Bukkit/Paper API, formerly known as Thermos/Cauldron/MCPC+.
Spinnaker Keel
javasrc2cpg
monix
基于 Spring Authorization Server 的 Dante Cloud 基础核心组件模块
Apollo GraphQL Normalized Cache Common APIs
x2cpg
Apollo GraphQL Normalized Cache APIs
Kotlin Native iOS Crash Report Library
Defines the MQTT control packets and topics
factoryfx dependency injection framework
jimple2cpg
Incremental compiler of Scala
Multiplatform Kotlin SDK for Hue lighting controls (unofficial)
A Java Utils Libraray By Geewit
Alpakka is a Reactive Enterprise Integration library for Java and Scala, based on Reactive Streams and Akka.
Arrow Analysis
fs2-io
WSO2 API Manager REST API for Admin Portal
ammonite-compiler-interface
JaVers - object auditing and diff framework for Java
Java library to map flat record - ResultSet, csv - to java object with minimum configuration and low footprint.
cats
Opinionated rest microservices
Kotlin wrapper for React library
mint-logs
Appyx
Spinnaker Kayenta
An alternative Android testing framework.
zio
Identity and Authentication functions
Identity Application Authentication Endpoint
Universal, flexible, high-performance distributed ID generator.
Real-time physically based rendering engine for Android.
Kotlin Multiplatform MVI framework
Kotlin Multiplatform lifecycle-aware business logic components
project description
wdiorunner
Isolated container management for Java code testing
The AWS SDK for Java - Test Utils module holds the all the utilities that are used by the tests.
Simple SQLite Driver
php2cpg
Infinitic Orchestration Framework
Kodein-DI Project
A modular library with helpers for the Codacy infrastructure
Enterprise open source portal built by and for the higher education community.
KMM library with frequently used code
Simple kotlin DI
RBAC-based And Policy-based Multi-Tenant Reactive Security Framework
jssrc2cpg
Kotlin plotting DSL.
